Terminology section in chapter 4 (#378)
rust-embedded/discovery: src/04-meet-your-hardware/terminology.md

future chapters.

## Abstraction layers
For any fully supported microcontroller/board with a microcontroller
you will usually hear the following terms being used for their levels
of abstraction:
1. The Peripheral Access Crate (PAC), its job is to provide a safe (ish)
   direct interface to the peripherals of the chip, allowing you to configure
   every last bit however you want (of course also in wrong ways). Usually
   you only ever have to deal with the PAC if either the layers that are
   higher up don't fulfill your needs or when you are developing them.
   The PAC we are (implicitly) going to use is either the one for the [nRF52]
   or for the [nRF51].
2. The Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL), its job is to build up on top of
   the chip's PAC and provide an abstraction that is actually usable for
   someone who does not know about all the special behaviour of this chip.
   Usually they abstract a whole peripheral, e.g. a USB interface,
   away into just a few structs or traits with some functions on them you
   can use to send data around etc. We are going to use the [nRF52-hal]
   or the [nRF51-hal] respectively.

> 3. The Board Support Crate (BSP), its job is to abstract a whole board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The Board Support Crate (historically called Board Support Package, or BSP), its job is to abstract a whole board
```

   (such as the micro:bit) away at once. That means it has to provide
   abstractions to use both the microcontroller as well als the sensors,
   LEDs etc. that might be present on the board. Quite often (especially
   with custom made boards) you will just be working with a HAL for the
   chip and build the drivers for the sensors either yourself or

>    search for them on crates.io, luckily for us though the micro:bit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   search for them on crates.io. Luckily for us though, the micro:bit
```

   does actually have a [BSP] so we are going to use that on top of our
   HAL as well.

[nrF52]: https://crates.io/crates/nrf52833-pac
[nrF51]: https://crates.io/crates/nrf51
[nrF52-hal]: https://crates.io/crates/nrf52833-hal
[nrF51-hal]: https://crates.io/crates/nrf51-hal
[BSP]: https://crates.io/crates/microbit

## Unifying the layers

Next we are going to have a look at a very central piece of software

> in the Rust Embedded world, [embedded-hal]. As it name suggests it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the Rust Embedded world: `[embedded-hal]`. As its name suggests it
```

> relates to the 2nd level of abstraction we got to know, the HALs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relates to the 2nd level of abstraction we got to know: the HALs.
```

> The idea behind [embedded-hal] is to provide a set of traits that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea behind `[embedded-hal]` is to provide a set of traits that
```

describe behaviour which is usually shared across all implementations
of a specific peripheral in all the HALs. For example one would always
expect to have functions that are capable of turning the power on a pin

> either on or off, for example to switch an LED on and off on the board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
either on or off. For example to switch an LED on and off on the board.
```

This allows us to write a driver for, say a temperature sensor, that

> can be used on any chip which implements the [embedded-hal] traits,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be used on any chip for which an implementation of the `[embedded-hal]` traits exists,
```

simply by writing the driver in such a way that it only relies on the

> [embedded-hal] traits. Drivers that are written in such a way are called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[embedded-hal]` traits. Drivers that are written in such a way are called
```

platform agnostic and luckily for us most of the drivers on crates.io
are actually platform agnostic.

[embedded-hal]: https://crates.io/crates/embedded-hal

## Further reading

> If you want to learn more about these levels of abstraction Franz Skarman,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to learn more about these levels of abstraction, Franz Skarman,
```

> aka. [TheZoq2], held a talk about this topic during Oxidize 2020, called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a.k.a. [TheZoq2], held a talk about this topic during Oxidize 2020, called
```
